[Music]
[Applause]
today I'm going to be doing my 2014
rod-and-reel arsenal I know it's been a
little while since I made a Arsenal
video but I'm getting ready to head to a
tournament that is coming up this Sunday
down Luiz enn so I got all my rods and
reels ready and lined up and so I
figured I might as well to make the
video now since you guys have been
wanting it so I'll just kind of start
here and go down the line this isn't all
my rods I have some hanging up and some
still in the boat but these are the main
ones I use about every tournament I go
at and then I just basically just have
some duplicates in the boat like but if
it's a crankbait vital for crank that
your odds well I'm not going to have
four crank it rods out right now to show
you but this covers all the techniques
that I use and so that's what I'm going
to show these so it doesn't take so long
so I'll start off with this one this is
a lose speed spool seven one to gear it
7 to 1 to 1 gear ratio it's just the
same speed swell 50 pound braid and this
is a Scheels Outfitters guide series 276
medium heavy fast action basically just
a bigger jig rod when I'm throwing
bigger jigs I'd pick this one flipping
and pitching in heavy cover is 7 6 it's
the longest rod I own and it's a pretty
good rod and it does the job for jig
fishing so although I don't have it
rigged up with a jig I would have like a
new tech 1/2 ounce jig on it next this
one this is my lipless crankbait rod
this is a Denali custom Jade wood series
crank bait rod it's a medium heavy
7-foot with lose speed spool on it and
this is a 6 4 to 1 gear ratio in the
line on this right now it's just backer
but I will have 12 pound vicious
fluorocarbon and like societies use it
for lipless crankbaits is super
lightweight rod you can use it for jerk
baits I use my for jerk basting when it
gets cold but for right now basically
lipless crank against what I'll use for
this rod next one so this one is another
it's technically a lipless crank in rod
this is a glass rod by Rick
and right in McGill it's an s-class rod
at seven foot medium glass rod but I
don't use it for lipless crank I use it
for top waters like poppers and not
really the more spooks basically to
poppers and prop and prop baits because
I have 12 pound or sorry at 17 pound
monofilament with a loose feed spool and
it's just it's really wimpy rod and so
that way I use it for poppers because
when you set the hook then the hooks
don't get ripped out of its mouth so
basically a top water rod is what I like
to use this one for this one is as you
can see a frog rod this is what I used
to frog fish this is a Denali custom
Signature Series since the Terry Bolton
Worman jig rod seven too heavy and it's
it's a big stout rod and I used for frog
fishing it's got a loose speed spawn at
7 to 1 gear ratio with 50 pound braided
the line on it and yeah basically that's
just my frog rod right there next I have
a Denali j2 series this is a Worman jig
rod it's medium heavy 7-foot and right
here this is my flipping and pitching
rod I'll use it for mostly jigs but also
plastics Texas rig stuff like that has
30 pound braid and a loose tournament mg
and 7 to 1 gear ratio next is my spinner
bait rod this rod I use for spinner
baits this is a rose Denali rosewood
series 710 medium heavy it's got a loose
tournament mgz speed spool on it with I
think it's a 17 pound vicious elite
fluorocarbon so basically ChatterBait
spinner baits that kind of stuff over
here now next I have a Denali Jade wood
series this is a 7-foot medium heavy
this is basically the same one as my jig
rod so I use this one for more
this is actually my buzz bait rod even
though it's made for warming jig which I
can use it for that about it's 7 foot in
length and I think it just has to work
the right action for buzz bait fishing
loose beats pool tournament mg7 1 gear
ratio of 30 pound vicious braid so
buzzbaits is basically an all-purpose
rod but mainly buzzbaits is what I like
to use for this one this is a sinker a
mojo bass rod this one I went through in
one of my previous videos at 7 foot but
I did break the tip off so it's about
610 medium it's got 30 pound braid with
a loose tournament entry speed spool on
it and basically like use this for is is
topwater spook base because it's not
seven foot in length anymore but I put
it is medium so when you're using smooth
base that need walk back and forth
you're going to want to use braid so you
can get the best action out of the out
of the lure and win it with it being
shorter like 610 versus seven foot it's
shorter so you're right isn't into water
and it's a little stiffer than medium
but it's not quite stiff as a medium
heavy so that's kind of why I like to
keep this right around this for spooks
and top water base such as that this one
is my square bill rod to Rick Clunn S
Class Wright and McGill rod it's a 6/8
heavy but it is a glass rod so it's very
forgiving it has a lose tournament empty
speed spool on it this is a 5 4 to 1
gear ratio with 14 pound vicious elite
fluorocarbon all-purpose square bill
rods it works day in day out for the
majority of my square go fishing and
crank bait fishing in general but I do
like four square go fishing because it's
a it's only six eight and it's pretty
short so here is another Scheels
Outfitters this is a tournament series
7-foot medium it's got a thirty pound
braid on it with a loose speed spool
this is another all-purpose rod for
plastics jigs top water spinner baits
buzzbaits that kind of stuff but more
than more often than I D like to use
this one just for Texas rigs 7 to 1 gear
ratio this one is another cranking
around this is for more deep crank bait
rod or deep crank based as well as
square bills like that this is a Shimano
culeros it's a graphite rod it's not
glass and it's 7-foot medium heavy so
it's a little stiffer more for like 6 XD
is you know deeper diver crank bits or
bigger square bills with a tournament mg
and this one has 12 pound
fishes fluorocarbon on it so like I said
it's just a good lightweight rod and
it's good for bigger square bills and
deeper crank baits and then for spinning
rods I do have I think like six or seven
of them but these are the two that
use most often I hardly ever use my
other ones and this one is a Shimano
cemetry a bit spinning rod and this is
like cabel's im7 I mean these women
they're cheap combos spinning rods I
don't think you really need the grip the
you know the really good expensive
combos even though this is a nice reel
with 15 pound braid and this is my fluke
rod when I'm throwing a fluke I like the
stiffer rod so I have the medium heavy
Cabela's im7 with braid life so a fluke
rod or it's kind of an all-purpose rod
whenever you're gonna want to use
spinning gear that one works in here is
a Bass Pro extreme combo I said another
cheaper combo and 7 foot in length and
thank this one's medium 15 pound braid
line and this is my shaky head drop shot
rod all-purpose lighter weight tubes
finesse fishing is what I like use that
for so you can see this is a basically
the majority of my rods that I use
that's why I take out on my boat on a
daily basis not ever seen one of them
but the majority of them things I have
some duplicates up on the wall in the
corner over there and on the boat but
this is just my daily day up stuff so if
you have any questions you can go ahead
and comment but that's it and thanks for
watching
[Applause]
[Music]